So in previous video, we learned how well we can determine and how we can rule in further, I'm going
to explain how we can store this information in two one five.
So let us see.
I'm going to specify specified public word again.
Public void store for you.
Method stall pile method.
Is this just a method?
No, I won't do it.
I am going to use your favorite term for that.
I already use or import this library.
This is very important every four, five minutes or so.
Before failure to return, thought you should throw the user defined exception for that purpose, I'm
going to use your try track, which is very simple user defined exception method, so that we can say
it is not very user defined.
We can say this error handling method system, a lot of people in it or the error handling or let us
see and say, let's this track or we can do it by writer.
In is equal to new file writer.
European Europe specified this is the.
Basically, location of that pilot.
You can see that info if you are not giving that part.
You can just filing here, but it will create in the system default.
But in my case, I'm going to use your list of locations, which I already created.
So this time we're being the full part.
Always remember you should go to the full plate or.
In 4.60, while you're giving different fine for that purpose, if you're going to use the same file
inside your budget or you're going to create, you can just put that name on file name.
After that.
I want to put that back in north, right?
What I'm going to write this year is, firstly, because there is no nothing.
It's been mentioned that is first name or something, so.
Similarly, I am putting your first name your.
Then not.
I'm not going to write it, I'm going to open, so I'm going to appended your own.
Last name.
OK, you can put your selection.
Always remember slashing.
This not in any.
Again, not up in.
Similarly, I'm going to put everything here now, email every everything.
So similarly, this lake that you can put everything.
Email.
Then in caught up in.
Password.
Ideally, you should not store any password, but I'm considering this as a database, so I'm watching
this as.
In email or password also?
Then in a lot of pain.
Slashing.
Capacity again, capacity.
Let's.
This don't is the name male capacity.
Not a band.
Alternate.
I mean.
Let's.
What would this this alternative?
Emily, what do you mean?
That's it.
No, I'm going to close, always remember this is best practice.
To close everything.
And just system dot.
Outdoor retailer.
Data stored.
That's.
Now, this is what story we need to create for in part on some similar.
They've been.
While.
Midterm.
Public or it should not be public, but for.
System convenience, I'm going to use this part to redefine.
Similarly, you are going to use triage year for.
Exception, any exception?
E!
System, not a lot.
Println E.
And, sir, this you're going to handle it.
Yet I'm going to use file reader.
Method, you can use input stream, these are very efficient, putting your output ceiling, boosting
that will you realize this?
You realize it.
These are very helpful.
But due to time constraint and also there is no need to put everything.
I'm just going to use this file name as mentioned in this file, I'm going to copy this part.
No calls also this wasted.
I'm going to time constraint and then just I'm creating value because it will look through the characters
and in that, so it is very difficult to understand, but it is very helpful for the small, small part
and project.
If not, there is some default build up.
What is that part?
Bill?
Marty, well, two minus one, which is basically not null.
What did we do it we print system, dot dot print in the console.
What did we print?
It will bring.
Correct stinks because it will accept that in all what we can say in the integer part, but I want to
present it as a character so it will ask for character.
Once this one is done.
I'm going to a front door.
Close, your connection is close.
And this part is done if you want to be one foot here, one fishing or a dog println statement just
this to you.
Look at.
And we are done with this, but we haven't created anything in that email mean part.
OK.
So as you know, for this, I want I will extend that part.
So as fifties exist, but no, this part is for the store data in you.
No sixth option is for.
Display data from.
And now the seven part for Exit.
Similarly, we are going to change this in this part.
If parties are as it is, but.
I'm going to end this statement what?
The stall him one not.
Stole by.
Then four of the precondition is six.
Ian, were not.
Redefine.
Precondition again.
Then if someone is known.
System not.
And, Alan.
Thank you for using.
I wouldn't.
Application.
Then again.
Now we're going to end this condition also soon.
But now we are done with our project, but let's run this part and I will explain how you can create
some sort of failure.
So let's run this part.
And.
So will ask for the first name, James.
Be.
So new employee name is James V. I'm setting it for sales department.
I will ask for the show in full.
Well, it's unfolding for now.
You can understand it.
Each time this is different and it is not a no no.
You can see it is just putting some random variables and everything.
Info, then I want to store it and do the fine if it's loaded into the data stored, as you can see,
destroyed to the.
If I am cooking six display data you can see now this is printing to this, you will understand why
this is printing to this, so you need to change something here.
You will understand what we didn't mistake here is as this is done, but before that.
In the choice or in the store for you.
I'm reading this statement.
This will create some error, you can remove this part.
And also just removed this slashing also, so it will create step by step, so it is very difficult
to understand.
So always, never do the science lesson despite.
Now I will read it again, and I will fill you.
So.
This is all about no application or.
I will put the dog in Jim's meat.
Since the parliament again, it's stolen data file is displayed at.
You can see our detailed displaying.
Oh, no.
Let's see what I mean.
I mean, when Ed superintend just footprint here and also you slash in your two hour that it.
Selection, selection, selection, selection and selection later.
They're just renewed again.
Now we deal with our problem, as you can see it, sprinting character by character because of the print
and instead.
Oh, and when we put in statement.
James me, since department store into their data display data, so as you can see, it is displaying
the data capacity and everything.
So now we are done with our project.
But let's see how we can create one single file.
Or we can see some single data for you.
File for executing this part.
We have already done with our project.
So as I told you, we are going to create one single executing file without apology.
So for this purpose, we're to this file option project structure part.
In what you can see, these was that are box, but go to artifacts here.
But is ad buttoning up, Draupadi, and we want to create with dependencies, moralism and application?
So as you put something here, it will automatically detect this, but meaningless.
We need to put in last week, OK, once it is OK again, OK?
It should be system before, don't change anything here, then click Apply and didn't hit Enter OK.
Now, the artifact is not, but we want to build it, to go, to build here and create this build artifacts.
So what will you option?
You will work.
Rebuild clean and do something to build.
So it will take time to build.
As you can see in their dialog, Box Hill Bottom, it is building this and it is doing so it will take
time to build.
As for project requirements, our project requirements are we releasing this.
So now you can see in the hope and artifacts, you can see this email or just an email application.
So if you want to run this part, you can you have to edit the configuration.
So go to this M.E.N: Elite configuration part here.
You will see this ballot box click Add New Button here.
Then there is a huge list for this, so go to down here.
Or inside this, you can you have identified this job application and you're looking and then you're
going to give the name, I'm going the name is email at local machine and do the job part to you.
So in this job, the parties always in out artifacts and it's you can see your vision, but happily
you can run this email app.
And as you can see, this is printing this everything.
Our John, if I lose it any.
And then on that plus, we are running, no, we are running it justified.
Let's see how we can run the command prompt.
So I'm going to pause this part and I will show how we can on this in or do this in the command prompt.
You don't need bullets run over.
Java Java slash jar.
And that name of your job for you.
So you can see this is running again, putting this James B then as developments in an interview, as
we can see influence pretty similarly like that you can create one application.
So this is a very basic application.
We are going to use.
But you then move further with that.
Any part like you can create job affects you for this and anything.
So let's see what we do in this.
So as you can see, we created one part if name.
So for the overview of our project, we created one random method.
We use that to create email application.
So we created different methods and we are used in this.
So this is all about our Project Java application.
Thank you.